Then God said, Let us make human beings so that they are like us.
Let them rule over the fish in the seas and the birds in the sky.
Let them rule over the livestock and all the wild animals.
And let them rule over all the creatures that move along the ground.
So God created human beings in his own likeness.
He created them to be like himself.
He created them as male and female.
God blessed them.
He said to them,
Have children so that there will be many of you.
Fill the earth and bring it under your control.
Rule over the fish in the seas and the birds in the sky.
Rule over every living creature that moves on the ground.
Then God said, I am giving you every plant on the face of the whole earth that produces its own seeds.
I am giving you every tree that has fruit with seeds in it.
All of them will be yours for food.
I am giving every green plant as food for all the land animals and all the birds in the sky.
I am also giving the plants to all the creatures
that move along the ground. I am giving them to every living thing that breathes. And that's
exactly what happened. God saw everything he had made, and it was very good. There was evening,
and there was morning. It was day six.